#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
astroid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   redis
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   openedx-events
    #   referencing
avro==1.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   confluent-kafka
backports-tarfile==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   jaraco-context
backports-zoneinfo==0.2.1 ; python_version < "3.9"
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-log==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
code-annotations==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-toggles
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
confluent-kafka[avro,schema-registry]==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
coverage[toml]==7.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==42.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyjwt
    #   secretstorage
    #   social-auth-core
ddt==1.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
defusedxml==0.8.0rc2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
distlib==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   virtualenv
django==4.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-clearcache
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-log-request-id
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-toggles
    #   jsonfield2
    #   openedx-events
    #   openedx-ledger
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-clearcache==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-cors-headers==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-toggles
django-dynamic-fixture==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-ledger
django-filter==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-ledger
django-log-request-id==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-model-utils==4.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-rbac
django-object-actions==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-ledger
django-simple-history==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-ledger
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
djangoql==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-ledger
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-drf-extensions
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pymongo
docutils==0.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   readme-renderer
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-spectacular==0.27.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
drf-yasg==1.21.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
edx-auth-backends==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
edx-ccx-keys==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-events
edx-django-release-util==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-ledger
edx-django-utils==5.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
    #   getsmarter-api-clients
    #   openedx-events
    #   openedx-ledger
edx-drf-extensions==10.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-rbac
edx-event-bus-kafka==5.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
edx-lint==5.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   openedx-events
edx-rbac==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-ledger
edx-rest-api-client==5.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
edx-toggles==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
faker==25.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   factory-boy
fastavro==1.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   confluent-kafka
    #   openedx-events
filelock==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
getsmarter-api-clients==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==6.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   keyring
    #   twine
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   keyring
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
isort==5.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
jaraco-classes==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   keyring
jaraco-context==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   keyring
jaraco-functools==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   keyring
jeepney==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
jsonfield2==4.0.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-ledger
jsonschema==4.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
keyring==25.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   twine
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   markdown-it-py
mock==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
more-itertools==10.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   jaraco-classes
    #   jaraco-functools
mysqlclient==2.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-ledger
newrelic==9.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
nh3==0.2.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   readme-renderer
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   getsmarter-api-clients
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openedx-events==9.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   openedx-ledger
openedx-ledger==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   stevedore
pkginfo==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   twine
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
platformdirs==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
ply==3.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   djangoql
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycodestyle==2.11.1
    # via -r requirements/quality.txt
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pydocstyle==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.txt
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   readme-renderer
    #   rich
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymemcache==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
pymongo==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyproject-api==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
pytest==8.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   faker
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
    #   getsmarter-api-clients
    #   openedx-ledger
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   responses
readme-renderer==43.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   twine
redis==5.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-ledger
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   confluent-kafka
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   responses
    #   slumber
    #   social-auth-core
    #   twine
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   getsmarter-api-clients
    #   social-auth-core
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   twine
responses==0.25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   twine
rich==13.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   twine
rpds-py==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rules==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-ledger
secretstorage==3.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   keyring
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-rbac
    #   python-dateutil
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   pydocstyle
social-auth-app-django==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coverage
    #   pylint
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tomlkit==0.12.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
tox==4.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
twine==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.txt
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   astroid
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   pylint
    #   rich
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   twine
virtualenv==20.26.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
zipp==3.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
